Add an "Input files" file to the User Guide (#315)
CABLE-LSM/CABLE: documentation/docs/user_guide/inputs/index.md

# Input files

CABLE can be used in many configurations, in part determined by the input files supplied to the code.

> Table 1 lists the various input files used in offline CABLE. A description of each file can be accessed through the sidebar.

Reviewer: Just to be more precise.

```suggestion
Table 1 lists the various input files used in offline CABLE. A description of each file can be accessed through the left navigation bar.

```

## Table 1: CABLE input files for the offline case

> |   Input file         	 |
> |------------------------|
> | cable.nml            	 |
> | pft_params.nml       	 |
> | cable_soilparm.nml   	 |
> | pftlookup.csv        	 |           
> | Meteorological forcing |
> | Surface forcing        |
> | Restart                |  

Reviewer: I think it is more informative if there is a short description in the table

```suggestion
|   Input file         	 | Description |
|------------------------|-------------|
| cable.nml            	 | main configuration file for CABLE |
| pft_params.nml       	 | default parameter values for each PFT |
| cable_soilparm.nml   	 | default parameter values for each soil type |
| pftlookup.csv        	 | default parameter values for CASA-CNP |          
| Meteorological forcing | atmospheric forcing data for CABLE |
| Surface forcing        | information about the surface characteristics |
| Restart                | information from a previous CABLE run to restart a simulation | 

```
